Adds support for URI input to dump-signedexchange (#429)
WICG/webpackage: go/signedexchange/README.md

dump-signedexchange -i example.org.hello.sxg
```

You can also dump the content of a signed exchange from a URI. If you want to see the content of the signed exchange you're hosting at https://example.org/hello.html, run this command. By default this will request a b3 signed exchange.

```
dump-signedexchange -uri https://example.org/hello.html
```

> `dump-signedexchange` can also operate on piped input. For instance, you could run the following command to retrieve a b2 package.

Reviewer: Should we use b3 since it is now the default version?

```

> curl -H "AMP-Cache-Transform:any" -H "Accept:application/signed-exchange;v=b2" https://example.org/hello.html | dump-signedexchange

Reviewer: ditto

dump-signedexchange -i example.org.hello.sxg
```

If the `-json` flag is passed, the output will be in JSON.

```
dump-signedexchange -i example.org.hello.sxg -json
```

You can also dump the content of a signed exchange from a URI. If you want to see the content of the signed exchange you're hosting at https://example.org/hello.html, run this command. By default this will request the latest version.

```
dump-signedexchange -uri https://example.org/hello.html
```

> If the specified URI requires a special header to serve a signed exchange, you can pass request headers via the -requestHeader flag. The header key and value should be separated by a `:`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the specified URI requires a special header to serve a signed exchange, you can pass request headers via the `-requestHeader` flag. The header key and value should be separated by a `:`.
```

> If the specified URI requires a special header to serve a signed exchange, you can pass request headers via the -requestHeader flag. The header key and value should be separated by a `:` and the value should be enclosed with double quotations `""`

Reviewer 2: > the value should be enclosed with double quotations `""`

This might be confusing, as `dump-signedexchange` itself doesn't interpret quotations. Quotations may be needed by command-line shells, but exact rules for quotation / escaping could be different by shells (so it's probably out of scope of this document).

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if I'm reading the docs right, but the examples don't seem to match the docs—?

The examples seem to match curl's syntax (aside from the actual switch name), which seems like a good approach--well-understood by developers, and various tools seem to now output curl syntax for debugging (e.g. Chrome and Safari developer tools).

Author: @ithinkihaveacat The examples should match? Could you point out what specifically is confusing? After this PR the tool will be able to take sxg input from a curl command and also by passing the URI via flag

```
dump-signedexchange -uri https://example.org/hello.html -requestHeader AMP-Cache-Transform:any -requestHeader "foo:bar"
```

> When the `uri` flag is passed to `dump-signedexchange`, you can specify the sxg version to request by passing a `version` flag. For instance, if you wanted to request a `1b2` package, you would run the following command. By default, the version is `1b3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the `-uri` flag is passed to `dump-signedexchange`, you can specify the sxg version to request by passing a `-version` flag. For instance, if you wanted to request a `1b2` signed exchange, you would run the following command. By default, the version is `1b3`.
```

```
dump-signedexchange -uri https://example.org/hello.html -version=1b2
```

> `dump-signedexchange` can also operate on piped input. For instance, you could run the following command to retrieve a b3 package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`dump-signedexchange` can also operate on piped input. For instance, you could run the following command to retrieve a b3 signed exchange.
```

```
curl -H "AMP-Cache-Transform:any" -H "Accept:application/signed-exchange;v=b3" https://example.org/hello.html | dump-signedexchange
```

`dump-signedexchange` can print the information you want about your signed exchange. By default, both the headers and the payload are printed, but they can be suppressed by passing `-headers=false` and `-payload=false`.

> If you would like only the signature to be printed, pass the `signature` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like only the signature to be printed, pass the `-signature` flag.
```
